Add GPIO controller (#222)
husarion/panther_ros: panther_hardware_interfaces/CODE_STRUCTURE.md

A class that keeps track of different types of errors. In some rare cases, Roboteq controllers can miss for example the SDO response, or PDO can be received a bit later, which results in a timeout.
As they usually are rare and singular occurrences, it is better to filter some of these errors and escalate only when a certain number of errors happen.

## GPIOController

The GPIOController provides wrappers for the GPIO driver from the `panther_gpiod` package, handling reading and writing pins of the RPi GPIO. It includes the following utilities:

* `GPIOControllerInterface`: Interface for all wrappers that handle GPIO control tasks.
* `GPIOControllerPTH12X`: Class with specific logic for the Panther robot with version 1.20 and above.

> * `GPIOControllerPTH10X`: Class with specific logic for the Panther robot with version less than 1.20.

Author: ```suggestion
* `GPIOControllerPTH10X`: Class with specific logic for the Panther robot with version below 1.20.
```
